{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Mangal;}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Mangal;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Default;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\hich\af3\dbch\af4\afs28\loch\f2\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sb0\sa120 Text body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sb0\sa120\dbch\af5 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af5\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af5 Index;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\tqc\tx4986\tqr\tx9972\noline Header;}
}{\info{\author Robert Ritchie}{\creatim\yr2015\mo10\dy4\hr12\min47}{\author Robert Ritchie}{\revtim\yr2015\mo10\dy5\hr14\min40}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice}{\vern4110}}\deftab709

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1693\headery1134\margbsxn1134{\header\pard\plain \s20\tqc\tx4986\tqr\tx9972\noline\qr{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Ritchie }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
{\field{\*\fldinst  PAGE }{\fldrslt 2}}}
\par }\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1693\headery1134\margbsxn1134{\header\pard\plain \s20\tqc\tx4986\tqr\tx9972\noline\qr{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Ritchie }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
{\field{\*\fldinst  PAGE }{\fldrslt 2}}}
\par }\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Robert Ritchie}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Professor Scott Wagar}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
English 225H}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
14 October 2015}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\qc{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Discourse Community Analysis Project}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab There are many forums on the internet which provide a place for people to talk about things they enjoy. Reddit offers a similar exprerience, but it has a myriad of topics to choose from. I will be analyzing a sub-reddit for this project. Specifically I am looking at the electronic music sub-reddit. I am not an insider to this community, I know a little bit of electronic music but the community is new to me. I think that it easily fits the definition of a discourse community and that it even expands upon the original idea.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab Before diving into how this specific community functions, it is necessary to explain what a sub-reddit is and how it works. A sub-reddit is essentially a small forum on the website Reddit focused on a specific topic. For example, the sub-reddit I am analyzing is focused on electronic music and so all the posts will be focused on electronic music in some way. Anyone who is subscribed to a sub-reddit can make a post on it. From there people can view, reply to and upvote or downvote the post. Upvotes and downvotes are essentially the way that users can show that they like or dislike a post without having to reply to it. The score of the post is also determined by the difference in upvotes and downvotes, a positive score meaning it has more upvotes than downvotes and vice versa. This score is visible next to a post's title before clicking on it, but it is hidden for the first few hours after a post is made to prevent the bandwagon effect. The most relevant part of a post to this discussion is the reply section or comments. This is where most of the discourse in the community tends to happen. It works somewhat differently than most other forums. Instead of all the replies being shown directly underneath one another in chronological order, the person who is replying can choose to reply to the post itself or any other person's comment and their reply will appear indented below what they replied to. This system tends to cause a lot of branching in the conversation in each post because people can reply to whatever they want to and not just what was said last. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab The topic being about electronic music, most of the rhetoric that goes on is naturally about discussing the music. Most posts will have a song or playlist included in its title which the post is about. The topic of discourse sparked from the original post can vary a lot, mostly thanks to the branching reply system mentioned before. The most common replies are focused on opinions of the song in the post or discussion about the artist and their previous works. For example, in a post about the music from a band called Disclosure, a user says that }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li1440\ri0\lin1440\rin0\fi0{\cf0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\fs24
\'93}{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
I think my biggest issue with their new songs is that it is really just more of the same, which isn't inherently bad. But it's been virtually the same since Tenderly/Flow. At this point I was expecting at least a little more diversity or experimentation, especially now }{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
that they can probably get away with it. None of the songs have been bad, but at best they've just been well crafted pop songs and that's it.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\li1440\ri0\lin1440\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
This is just my opinion though. I know a bunch of people on this sub are really excited for the new album, but none of the singles have really proven to me that they aren't just one trick ponies.\'94 (triponer)}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
The rhetoric here is interesting because it does not necessarily try to convince people of the author's viewpoint, in fact he clearly states that this is only his opinion, but the use of logos is clear. Nobody can argue that the overall sound of the band hasn't changed much. This type of response is typical in the usual approach to making a point in the sub-reddit, an opinion followed by the reasoning, but sometimes there is also disagreement and debate among the members. Artist Deadmau5 does not like to play his song \'93Call On Me\'94 at most of his events because it is his most popular and he feels it has run }{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
its course. Some members suggest that since he didn't actually contribute much to making the song he }{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
feels bad that it is his most popular. User r3vv argues:}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\li1440\ri0\lin1440\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\fs24
\'93}{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
Lets say I'm in a Broadway show that's been performed time after time. Many people have seen the show before I took the role, since it's a revival. But because I brought something fresh to it, people are more interested in seeing it. They want to see it because they loved it previously, and because they want to see what else I could bring to the play.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\li1440\ri0\lin1440\rin0\fi0{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
Am I to feel bad each night that I perform because someone once performed the same part, with different choices of their own, before me? Or am I to feel good that I made something that was good before me now great?}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\li1440\ri0\lin1440\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
Like I said, I personally think he's insecure for not playing the track.\'94}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
Again here is an argument that clearly functions off of logic. A response like this in an argument is, while somewhat longer than most, fairly common. }
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
\tab While what is included in a post can be common,}{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
 the community itself is very broad. The sub-reddit has 130,00+ subscribers. There are very low barriers to entry to the community, all you have to do is make an account on Reddit and subscribe. Granted, you may not be able to partake much if you have no interest for or knowledge about electronic music. This allows for a huge variety in the users that join the sub-reddit. They are all unified by a love of electronic music, but there are so many sub-genres that the community can almost be classified by them. To list off a few of them there is ambient, house, house, techno all of which can be broken down into even smaller categories. This may make it seem like the community is neatly divided into small groups who focus their type of music, but it is not so clear. In fact sometimes what a genre is can be up for debate. In a post talking about the sub-genre \'93weird bass\'94, a user writes that \'93the "genre" of weird bass seems to be less about coming up with a word to describe something extremely specific (which one could argue would only serve to alienate }{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
potential fans) but rather to describe an emerging scene that doesn't really care nearly as much about the nitpickyness of sub genres, as long as it's weird and has bass\'94 (BobertSillyus) and another says that \'93It kind of feels like they are trying to give a blanket term to something that is actually spanning several different genres \'94 (thedinnerdate). Both of these users really show the complexity that the genre has to it and that its not as cleanly divided as some would like to think. }
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
\tab The language of this community is very interesting because it includes terms from electronic music as well as terms from Reddit. The terms used about electronic music are somewhat simple. Terms like DnB meaning Drum and Bass may not be common knowledge, but they are not hard to pick up. The terms also vary somewhat depending on the topic. For example user lambeo talks about Feed Me's \'93dirty electro house/complextro\'94 feel. This may seem complex, but dirty electro house is just a genre that originates from electro house, and complextro is just another related genre. This does not present a huge barrier to entry because most people who are interested in the genre probably know a little about it before hand, or can simply google the terms. I think the language that comes from Reddit, or often the internet in general, adds an interesting element to this community as a discourse }{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
community. Unlike on a lot of other places on the internet, almost all comments are complete sentences with few abbreviations. The abbreviations used are fairly common ones to most internet users such as \'93imo\'94 (in my opinion) or \'93rofl\'94 (rolling on the floor laughing). This language isn't very specific to the community, but it is definitely relevant because it contributes to how the community is seen.}
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
\tab In my opinion, this community offers a lot of new insights into the meaning of discourse communtity. Being an almost exclusively online community is something that didn't exist when Swales wrote his conditions for a discourse community. Being online offers a new layer of depth. First and foremost, all discourse online is instant and usually permanent. Swales describes his attempts to change the minds in his Chinese stamp collecting community and how he had to write a paper and wait for responses. In a sub-reddit anybody can have an immediate conversation with people from the community they may not even know. Anonymity plays a role in online discourse as well. Unless someone is a well known member of the community, they have almost no extrinsic ethos coming into a conversation. This differs greatly from the common example of academic discourse communities where every member has significant experience in the subject matter and lots of members have significant extrinsic ethos. }
\par \pard\plain \s16\sb0\sa120\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24
\tab This is an extremely interesting community to analyze. It follows all of the guidelines set out by Swales for a discourse community and has interesting rhetoric. I think that if anything, an online discourse community is now more common than any other type, just because of how easily so many websites satisfy the conditions and create a perfect environment for them to grow. I believe that most discourse communities in the future will take place online as well. }
\par }