{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset128 Times New Roman;}{\f4\froman\fprq0\fcharset128 ;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Mangal;}{\f7\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Mangal;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Default;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\lang255 Internet Link;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Text body;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af7\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\i\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af7\ai\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af7\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Index;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\ql\tqc\tx4986\tqr\tx9972{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Header;}
}{\info{\author Robert Ritchie}{\creatim\yr2015\mo10\dy4\hr12\min47}{\revtim\yr2015\mo10\dy5\hr23\min13}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice}{\vern4110}}\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709\deftab709

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1693\headery1134\margbsxn1134{\header\pard\plain \s21\ql\tqc\tx4986\tqr\tx9972{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\qr{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Ritchie }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
{\field{\*\fldinst  PAGE }{\fldrslt 6}}}
\par }\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1693\headery1134\margbsxn1134{\header\pard\plain \s21\ql\tqc\tx4986\tqr\tx9972{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\qr{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Ritchie }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
{\field{\*\fldinst  PAGE }{\fldrslt 6}}}
\par }\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
Robert Ritchie}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
Professor Scott Wagar}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
English 225H}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
14 October 2015}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\qc{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
Discourse Community Analysis Project}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
amaanster. \'93Feed Me \'97 Silicone Lube [Electro House] (2010) Still fresh, lads.\'94\tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.reddit.com/r/electronicmusic" }{\fldrslt \cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\lang255\scaps0\caps0\cf0\striked0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\langfe255\afs24\ai0\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang255\loch\f3
www.reddit.com/r/electronicmusic}{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}}. }{\cf0\i\ulnone\ulc0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
Reddit}{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
, 13 Sept. 2015. Web. 14 Sept 2015}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3
 }{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
This thread discusses the current and former work of an artist Jon Gooch who goes by a stage name Feed Me. Since it is a Reddit thread it has a specific song by Feed Me and Wolfgang Gartner in its topic, but the majority of the thread discusses Feed Me's as well as Wolfgang's past and present music styles. The majority of the posters want both artists to return to styles of music they used in the past. It is a good example of the type of discourse that generally occurs in the community. Most threads start off with the original poster simply sharing a song or video and leaving the discussion open from there. One discussion that almost always occurs in such a thread is sharing similar artists and music to the original post, but here the discussion goes more in depth and tackles some issues concerning the music and artist.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
BobertSillyus. \'93Why is Weird Bass so popular? (And who should we thank?)\'94 \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.reddit.com/r/electronicmusic" }{\fldrslt \cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\lang255\scaps0\caps0\cf0\striked0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\langfe255\afs24\ai0\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang255\loch\f3
www.reddit.com/r/electronicmusic}{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}}. }{\cf0\i\ulnone\ulc0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
Reddit}{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
, 16 Sept. 2015. Web. 16 Sept. 2015}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
This discussion focuses on an emerging sub-genre of electric called Weird Bass. The participants discuss several topics such as whether Weird Bass is really new, where it came from, and what defines it. These are questions that can only really be answered by the community itself since there are no authorities to turn to on the matter. There is no general consensus reached and there are several interesting tangents in the thread. Some of which try to trace back older appearances of what is now being deemed Weird Base and some end up dissecting the  some of the music of the genre. It exemplifies the variety of topics discussed in the community as well as its level of discoursal expertise. Additionally there are many examples of the lexis used in the community's discourse, and naturally within the thread there are sub-discussions containing suggestions for similar artists and music.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
Kadaj2302. \u8220\'1cDeadmau5 & Darude coffee run - how Darude changed the electronic scene.\u8221\'1d \tab }{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\langfe255\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang255\loch\f3
www.reddit.com/r/electronicmusic}{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
. \tab }{\cf0\i\ulnone\ulc0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
Reddit}{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
, 21 Sept. 2015. Web. 21 Sept. 2015}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
The topic for this discussion is prompted by a youtube video titled \u8220\'1cDacofee-Runstorm\u8221\'1d in which Deadmas5 and Darude are on a coffee run and discussing the electronic genre of music. The thread links specifically to a section where Deadmau5 attributes electronic music coming to North America to Darude's song \u8220\'1cSandstorm.\u8221\'1d The discussion focuses on the issue of whether or not an artist should preform their most popular work at every live event they have. Some argue that it is what many people know the artist for and most likely found them through so they owe it to the fans. Others point out that it is an artist's choice what to play or not play at any event. In the video that prompted the discussion, Darude says that he likes to see people enjoy his music no matter what it is, but Deadmau5 gets tired of his most played tracks and wants to play other music.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
Kaael \u8220\'1cSpent Saturday night partying under a giant spider made of old military vehicles, lasers and \tab flame jets. Easily the coolest stage setup I've ever seen. \u8221\'1d }{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\langfe255\rtlch \ltrch\loch\lang255\loch\f3
www.reddit.com/r/electronicmusic}{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
. \tab Reddit, 7 Sept. 2015. Web. 14 Sept. 2015.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
The author of this thread essentially summarizes an event called \u8220\'1cArcadia Spectacular\u8221\'1d which he attended that featured a lot of electronic music. This discussion brings about two interesting points of discussion. The first being a look into the interactions between fans of the electronic music. Much of the content for this community is web-based so having an insight into some of the physical gatherings of fans is helpful to the analysis. The second is the sharing and discussion of the event and other events that goes on in the thread. Many of the users share their experiences at similar events and others talk about how much they wish they could have attended. Overall it is a great display of the sense of community that can be created by a simple thread. There is also very little talk of the actual music that was played there outside of the original post showing the breadth of topics that are discussed in the sub-reddit.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
triponer. \u8220\'1cDisclosure \u8211\'13 Jaded [House] (2015)\u8221\'1d }{\scaps0\caps0\cf0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\langfe255\afs24\ai0\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang255\loch\f3
www.reddit.com/r/electronicmusic}{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
. }{\cf0\i\ulnone\ulc0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
Reddit}{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
, 15 Sept. \tab 2015. Web. 15 Sept. 2015.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
The song shared here being one of Disclosure's newer songs, Disclosure's switch from electronic into a more pop style quickly becomes the focus of this thread. Almost all of the participants in the discussion agree that they prefer Disclosure's older music, however there are differing opinions as to why. Some say that what they are releasing now is somewhat stale and are disappointed at the group's failure to experiment with new sounds, while others assert that what they are producing is coming too close to pop music to enjoy like they enjoyed previous albums. The discussion topic stays fairly consistent in this thread which is unusual for a reddit thread. The point of dispute here offers an interesting insight into the community. Many members continue to consider the group as electronic despite its shift to a more pop sound, while others strongly disagree with it, showing the diversity of the community in terms of its music preferences.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
\tab There are many forums on the internet which provide a place for people to talk about topics they enjoy. Reddit offers a similar experience, but it has a myriad of topics to choose from. I will be analyzing a sub-reddit for this project. Specifically, I am looking at the electronic music sub-reddit. I am not an insider to this community. I know a little bit of electronic music, but the community is new to me. I think that it easily fits the definition of a discourse community and that it even expands upon the original idea.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
\tab Before diving into how this specific community functions, it is necessary to explain what a sub-reddit is and how it works. A sub-reddit is essentially a small forum on the website Reddit which is focused on a specific topic. For example, the sub-reddit I am analyzing is focused on electronic music and so all the posts will relate to electronic music in some way. Anyone who is subscribed to a sub-reddit can make a post on it. From there people can view, reply to and upvote or downvote the post. Upvotes and downvotes are essentially the way that users can show that they like or dislike a post without writing a reply to it. The score of the post is determined by the difference in upvotes and downvotes. A positive score means it has more upvotes than downvotes and vice versa. This score is visible next to a post's title before clicking on it, but it is hidden for the first few hours after a post is made to prevent the bandwagon effect. The most relevant part of a post to this discussion is the reply section or comments. This is where most of the discourse in the community tends to happen. It works somewhat differently than most other forums. Instead of all the replies being shown directly underneath one another in chronological order, the person who is replying can choose to reply to the post itself or any other person's comment and their reply will appear indented below what they replied to. This system causes a lot of branching in the conversation in each post because people can reply to whatever section of the discussion they want to and not just what was said last. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
\tab Since this sub-reddit is about electronic music, most of the rhetoric that goes on is naturally about discussing the music. Most posts will have a song or playlist included in its title which the post is about. The topic of discourse sparked from the original post can vary a lot, mostly thanks to the branching reply system mentioned before. The most common replies are opinions of the song in the post or discussion about the artist and their previous works. For example, in a post about the music from a band called Disclosure, a user says that }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li1440\ri0\lin1440\rin0\fi0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3
\u8220\'1c}{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
I think my biggest issue with their new songs is that it is really just more of the same, which isn't inherently bad. But it's been virtually the same since Tenderly/Flow. At this point I was expecting at least a little more diversity or experimentation, especially now that they can probably get away with it. None of the songs have been bad, but at best they've just been well crafted pop songs and that's it.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li1440\ri0\lin1440\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
This is just my opinion though. I know a bunch of people on this sub are really excited for the new album, but none of the singles have really proven to me that they aren't just one trick ponies.\u8221\'1d (triponer)}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
The rhetoric here is interesting because it does not necessarily try to convince people of the author's viewpoint, in fact he clearly states that this is only his opinion, but nevertheless the use of logos is clear. The fact that the band's sound has not changed much is a fact and is hard to argue with. This type of response is typical in the usual approach to making a point in the sub-reddit, an opinion followed by the reasoning, but sometimes there is also disagreement and debate among the members. Artist Deadmau5 does not like to play his song \u8220\'1cCall On Me\u8221\'1d at most of his events because it is his most popular and he feels it has run its course. Some members suggest that since he didn't actually contribute much to making the song he is bitter that it is his most popular. One user presents a counter-argument.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li1440\ri0\lin1440\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f3
\u8220\'1c}{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
Lets say I'm in a Broadway show that's been performed time after time. Many people have seen the show before I took the role, since it's a revival. But because I brought something fresh to it, people are more interested in seeing it. They want to see it because they loved it previously, and because they want to see what else I could bring to the play.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li1440\ri0\lin1440\rin0\fi0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
Am I to feel bad each night that I perform because someone once performed the same part, with different choices of their own, before me? Or am I to feel good that I made something that was good before me now great?}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\li1440\ri0\lin1440\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
Like I said, I personally think he's insecure for not playing the track.\u8221\'1d (r3vv)}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
Again here is an argument that clearly functions off of an appeal to logic. A response like this in an argument is, while somewhat longer than most, fairly common. }
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
\tab While the rhetoric and types of discussion in a post can be predicable, the community itself is quite diverse. The sub-reddit has 130,00+ subscribers. There are very low barriers to entry to the community, all you have to do is make an account on Reddit and subscribe. Granted, you may not be able to partake much if you have no interest for or knowledge about electronic music. This allows for a huge variety in the users who join the sub-reddit. They are all unified by a love of electronic music, but there are so many sub-genres that the community can almost be classified by them. To list off a few of them there is ambient, house, house, techno all of which can be broken down into even smaller categories. This may make it seem like the community is neatly divided into small groups who focus their type of music, but it is not so clear. In fact sometimes what a genre is can be up for debate. In a post talking about the sub-genre \u8220\'1cweird bass\u8221\'1d, a user writes that \u8220\'1cthe 'genre' of weird bass seems to be less about coming up with a word to describe something extremely specific (which one could argue would only serve to alienate potential fans) but rather to describe an emerging scene that doesn't really care nearly as much about the nitpickyness of sub genres, as long as it's weird and has bass\u8221\'1d (BobertSillyus) and another says that \u8220\'1cIt kind of feels like they are trying to give a blanket term to something that is actually spanning several different genres \u8221\'1d (thedinnerdate). Both of these users really show the complexity that the genre has to it and that its not as cleanly divided as some would like to think. Additionally, the discourse is not even limited to electronic music. A user describes the event \u8220\'1cArcadia which he says has gained huge traction in the UK; it's had a dedicated spot at Glastonbury for the past couple of years and was the centrepiece of Boomtown fair up until this year\u8221\'1d(Kaael). Several users in this discussion talked about their experience at this event and shared with others how they felt about it.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
\tab The language of this community is very interesting because it includes terms from electronic music as well as terms from Reddit. The terms used about electronic music are fairly simple. Terms like DnB meaning Drum and Bass may not be common knowledge, but they are not hard to pick up. The terms also vary somewhat depending on the topic. For example user lambeo talks about Feed Me's \u8220\'1cdirty electro house/complextro\u8221\'1d feel. This may seem complex, but dirty electro house is just a genre that originates from electro house, and complextro is just another related genre. This does not present a huge barrier to entry because most people who are interested in the genre probably know a little about it before hand, or can simply google the terms. I think the language that comes from Reddit, or often the internet in general, adds an interesting element to this community as a discourse community. Unlike on a lot of other places on the internet, almost all comments are complete sentences with few abbreviations. The abbreviations used are fairly common ones to most internet users such as \u8220\'1cimo\u8221\'1d (in my opinion) or \u8220\'1crofl\u8221\'1d (rolling on the floor laughing). This language isn't very specific to the community, but it is definitely relevant because it is a part of the discourse and contributes to how the community is seen.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
\tab In my opinion, this community offers a lot of new insights into the meaning of discourse community. Being an almost exclusively online community is something that didn't exist when Swales wrote his definition of a discourse community. Being online offers a new layer of depth to the community. First and foremost, all discourse online is almost instant and usually permanent. Swales describes his attempts to change the minds in his Chinese stamp collecting community and how he had to write a paper and wait for responses. In a sub-reddit anybody can have an immediate conversation with other people in the community who they probably do not even know. Anonymity plays a role in online discourse as well. Unless someone is a well known member of the community, they have almost no extrinsic ethos coming into a conversation. This differs greatly from the common example of academic discourse communities where every member has significant experience in the subject matter and lots of members have significant extrinsic ethos. }
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
\tab This is an extremely interesting community to analyze. It follows all of the guidelines set out by Swales for a discourse community and has interesting rhetoric. I think that if anything, an online discourse community is now more common than any other type, just because of how easily so many websites satisfy Swales' conditions and create a perfect environment for them to grow. I believe that most discourse communities in the future will take place online as well. }
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\qc\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
Works Cited}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
r3vv. comment on \'93Deadmau5 & Darude coffee run - how Darude changed the electronic scene.\'94 \tab }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.reddit.com/r/electronicmusic" }{\fldrslt \cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\lang255\scaps0\caps0\cf0\striked0\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\ulnone\ulc0\b0\langfe255\afs24\ai0\ab0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang255\loch\f3
www.reddit.com/r/electronicmusic}{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
}}. }{\cf0\i\ulnone\ulc0\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
Reddit}{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
, 21 Sept. 2015. Web. 21 Sept. 2015}
\par \pard\plain \s17\ql{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af0\langfe2052\dbch\af0\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf0\ulnone\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f3
thedinnerdate. Comment on \u8220\'1cWhy is Weird Bass so popular? (And who should we thank?)\u8221\'1d \tab www.reddit.com/r/electronicmusic. Reddit, 16 Sept. 2015. Web. 16 Sept. 2015}
\par }